<!--?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?--><!DOCTYPE html><html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/kotobeeInteractive.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/global.css" />

    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/kotobeeInteractive.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/global.js"></script>

    <title>Preface</title>
    

<meta charset="utf-8" />
<style type="text/css"></style>
 <meta name="kotobee-chapter" content="raw/s1j6q3.xhtml" />
<meta name="kotobee-book" content="urn:uuid:39958ebe-593d-1160-9848-fde9cd78f29e" />
</head>
<body>
<h2><strong>Preface</strong></h2>

<p>A long time ago, I was looking for an anatomy book that I could use in my clinical anatomy course. I was so frustrated that there was nothing available that met the students’ needs for learning such complicated material. I wanted them to have a guide that would teach them how to visualize and palpate each anatomical structure; I believed it would lead to greater retention and a better understanding of the material. Then, one day, I found it! Andrew Biel had done it—to perfection. I have been using <em>Trail Guide to the Body </em>for over two decades.</p>

<p>Through the years, I also realized that a gap existed for students as they advanced from anatomy courses to musculoskeletal diagnostics and intervention courses. <em>Joint Anatomy for Athletic Training</em> addresses that gap. It provides a deeper look into the clinical relevance of selected joints and other anatomical structures from <em>Trail Guide to the Body</em> and also introduces the future clinician to related structures beyond the scope of <em>Trail Guide to the Body.</em></p>

<p>Following the <em>Trail Guide</em> format of conversational text paired with rich and detailed illustrations, and associating anatomical content with stories and examples, this companion aims to help students enjoy reading and learning while experiencing better retention. They can use this companion as a personal guide that brings the anatomy to life.</p>


</body></html>