<!--?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?--><!DOCTYPE html><html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/kotobeeInteractive.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/global.css" />

    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/kotobeeInteractive.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/global.js"></script>

    <title>Notes and Bibliography</title>
    

<meta charset="utf-8" />
 <meta name="kotobee-chapter" content="raw/s3grx9.xhtml" />
<meta name="kotobee-book" content="urn:uuid:0cf1fcbd-9e9d-dab7-caa4-a00c6ceb7a98" />
</head>
<body>
<h1 id="popups-only-no-screen"><span style="display:none"></span><strong>Notes</strong></h1>

<section class="footnotes footnotes-end-of-document" id="footnotes" role="doc-endnotes">
<ol>
	<li id="fn1">
	<p>Reed J. Yaras et al., “Lateral Collateral Ligament Knee Injury,” StatPearls, updated May 20, 2022, <a class="link116" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK560847/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK560847/</a>.<a class="link213" href="sanj2o.xhtml#fnref1" id="fnref1" role="doc-backlink">↩︎</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="fn2">
	<p>L. A. Hutchinson et al., “The Iliotibial Band: A Complex Structure with Versatile Functions,” <em>Sports Medicine</em> 52, no. 5 (May 2022): 995–1008, <a class="link654" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35072941/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35072941/</a>.<a class="link366" href="sanj2o.xhtml#fnref2" role="doc-backlink">↩︎</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="fn3">
	<p>Arman Memarzadeh and Joel TK. Melton, “Medial Collateral Ligament of the Knee: Anatomy, Management and Surgical Techniques for Reconstruction,” <em>Orthopaedics and Trauma</em> 33, no. 2 (April 2019): 91–99, <a class="link940" href="https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1877132719300041" target="_blank">https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1877132719300041</a>.<a class="link856" href="sanj2o.xhtml#fnref3" role="doc-backlink">↩︎</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="fn4">
	<p>Kyle Andrews et al., “Review: Medial Collateral Ligament Injuries,” <em>Journal of Orthopaedics</em> 14, no. 4 (December 2017): 550–54, <a class="link236" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5581380/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5581380/</a>.<a class="link381" href="sanj2o.xhtml#fnref4" role="doc-backlink">↩︎</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="fn5">
	<p>Jeffrey M. DeLong and Brian R. Waterman, “Surgical Techniques for the Reconstruction of Medial Collateral Ligament and Posteromedial Corner Injuries of the Knee: A Systematic Review,” <em>Arthroscopy: The Journal of Arthroscopic and Related Surgery</em> 31, no. 11 (November 2015): 2258–72, <a class="link441" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26194939/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26194939/</a>; Memarzadeh and Melton, “Medial Collateral Ligament of the Knee.”<a class="link379" href="sanj2o.xhtml#fnref5" role="doc-backlink">↩︎</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="fn6">
	<p>Amir Human Hoveidaei et al., “Unhappy Triad of the Knee: What Are the Current Concepts and Opinions?” <em>World Journal of Orthopedics</em> 14, no. 5 (May 18, 2023): 268–74, <a class="link887" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/37304199/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/37304199/</a>.<a class="link419" href="sanj2o.xhtml#fnref6" role="doc-backlink">↩︎</a></p>
	</li>
</ol>
</section>

<h1>Bibliography</h1>

<p class="p1">Abulhasan, Jawad F., and Michael J. Grey. “Anatomy and Physiology of Knee Stability.”&#160;<em>Journal of Functional Morphology and Kinesiology</em> 2, no. 4 (September 24, 2017): 34. <a href="https://www.mdpi.com/2411-5142/2/4/34"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link671" href="https://www.mdpi.com/2411-5142/2/4/34" target="_blank">https://www.mdpi.com/2411-5142/2/4/34</a>.<span>&#160;</span></p>

<p class="p1">Andrews, Kyle, Alex Lu, Lucas McKean, and Nabil Ebraheim. “Review: Medial Collateral Ligament Injuries.” <em>Journal of Orthopaedics</em> 14, no. 4 (December 2017): 550–54. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5581380/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link232" href="https://www.mdpi.com/2411-5142/2/4/34" target="_self">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5581380/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Baumann, Charles A., Betina B. Hinckel, and Miho J. Tanaka. “Update on Patellofemoral Anatomy and Biomechanics.” <em>Operative Techniques in Sports Medicine</em> 27, no. 4 (December 2019). <a href="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.otsm.2019.150683"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link503" href="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.otsm.2019.150683" target="_blank">https://doi.org/10.1016/j.otsm.2019.150683</a>.&#160;</p>

<p class="p1">Biel, Andrew. <em>Trail Guide to the Body: A Hands-On Guide to Locating Muscles, Bones, and More</em>. 6th ed. Boulder, CO: Books of Discovery, 2019.</p>

<p class="p1">Brockett, Claire L., and Graham J. Chapman. “Biomechanics of the Ankle.”&#160;<em>Orthopaedics and Trauma</em> 30, no. 3 (June 2016): 232–38. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27594929/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link54" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27594929/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27594929/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Chatra, Priyank S. “Bursae around the Knee Joints.”&#160;<em>Indian Journal of Radiology and Imaging</em> 22, no. 1 (January–March 2012): 27–30. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3354353/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link34" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3354353/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3354353/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">DeLong, Jeffrey M., and Brian R. Waterman. “Surgical Techniques for the Reconstruction of Medial Collateral Ligament and Posteromedial Corner Injuries of the Knee: A Systematic Review.” <em>Arthroscopy: The Journal of Arthroscopic and Related Surgery</em> 31, no. 11 (November 2015): 2258–72. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26194939/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link612" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26194939/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26194939/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Ferretti, Andrea, Edoardo Monaco, Antonio Ponzo, Matthew Dagget, Matteo Guzzini, Daniele Mazza, Andrea Redler, and Fabio Conteduca<em>.</em>&#160;“The Unhappy Triad of the Knee Re-revisited.”&#160;<em>International Orthopaedics (SICOT)</em>&#160;43 (2019): 223–28. <a href="https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00264-018-4181-7"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link371" href="https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00264-018-4181-7" target="_blank">https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00264-018-4181-7</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Fox, Alice J. S., Asheesh Bedi, and Scott A. Rodeo. “The Basic Science of Human Knee Menisci: Structure, Composition, and Function.”&#160;<em>Sports Health</em> 4, no. 4 (July 2012): 340–51. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23016106/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link313" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23016106/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23016106/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Hertel, Jay. “Functional Anatomy, Pathomechanics, and Pathophysiology of Lateral Ankle Instability.”&#160;<em>Journal of Athletic Training</em> 37, no. 4 (October–December 2002): 364–75. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC164367/"><span class="s1">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC164367/</span></a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Hoveidaei, Amir Human, Reza Sattarpour, Haleh Dadgostar, Saeed Razi, and Mohammad Razi. “Unhappy Triad of the Knee: What Are the Current Concepts and Opinions?” <em>World Journal of Orthopedics</em> 14, no. 5 (May 18, 2023): 268–74. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/37304199/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link622" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/37304199/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/37304199/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Hutchinson, L. A., G. A. Lichtwark, R. W. Willy, and L. A. Kelly. “The Iliotibial Band: A Complex Structure with Versatile Functions.” <em>Sports Medicine</em> 52, no. 5 (May 2022): 995–1008. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35072941/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link770" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35072941/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35072941/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Johnson, Anthony, Keith Hill, John Ward, and James Ficke. “Anatomy of the Lisfranc Ligament.”&#160;<em>Foot and Ankle Specialist</em> 1, no. 1 (February 2008): 19–23. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19825687/"><span class="s1">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19825687/</span></a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Loudon, Janice K. “Biomechanics and Pathomechanics of the Patellofemoral Joint.”&#160;<em>International Journal of Sports Physical Therapy</em> 11, no. 6 (December 2016): 820–30. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5095937/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link876" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5095937/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5095937/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Mansfield, Paul Jackson, and Donald A. Neumann. “Structure and Function of the Ankle and Foot.” Chap. 11 in <em>Essentials of Kinesiology for the Physical Therapist Assistant</em>, 3rd ed. St. Louis, MO: Mosby, 2019. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1016/B978-0-323-54498-6.00011-4"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link702" href="https://doi.org/10.1016/B978-0-323-54498-6.00011-4" target="_blank">https://doi.org/10.1016/B978-0-323-54498-6.00011-4</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Mellinger, Simeon, and Grace Anne Neurohr. “Evidence Based Treatment Options for Common Knee Injuries in Runners.” Supplement 7, <em>Annals of Translational Medicine</em> 7 (October 2019): S249. <a href="https://doi.org/10.21037/atm.2019.04.08"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link230" href="https://atm.amegroups.org/article/view/26028/26142" target="_blank">https://atm.amegroups.org/article/view/26028/26142</a>.&#160;</p>

<p class="p1">Memarzadeh, Arman, and Joel TK. Melton. “Medial Collateral Ligament of the Knee: Anatomy, Management and Surgical Techniques for Reconstruction.” <em>Orthopaedics and Trauma</em> 33, no. 2 (April 2019): 91–99. <a href="https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1877132719300041"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link203" href="https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1877132719300041" target="_blank">https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1877132719300041</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Pfeifer, Craig E., Paul F. Beattie, Ryan S. Sacko, and Amy Hand. “Risk Factors Associated with Non-Contact Anterior Cruciate Ligament Injury: A Systematic Review.” <em>International Journal of Sports Physical Therapy</em> 13, no. 4 (August 2018): 575–87. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6088120/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link695" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6088120/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6088120/</a>.&#160;</p>

<p class="p1">Stecco, Carla, Marco Corradin, Veronica Macchi, Aldo Morra, Andrea Porzionato, Carlo Biz, and Raffaele De Caro. “Plantar Fascia Anatomy and Its Relationship with Achilles Tendon and Paratenon.”&#160;<em>Journal of Anatomy</em> 223, no. 6 (December 2013): 665–76. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24028383/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link865" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24028383/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24028383/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Tenforde, Adam S., Amy Yin, and Kenneth J. Hunt. “Foot and Ankle Injuries in Runners.” <em>Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Clinics of North America</em> 27, no. 1 (February 2016): 121–37. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pmr.2015.08.007"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link57" href="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pmr.2015.08.007" target="_blank">https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pmr.2015.08.007</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Yaras, Reed J., Nicholas O’Neill, Ahmed Mabrouk, and Amjad M. Yaish. “Lateral Collateral Ligament Knee Injury.” StatPearls. Updated May 20, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK560847/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link878" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK560847/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK560847/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Yellin, Joseph L., Robert L. Parisien, Nakul S. Talathi, Ali S. Farooqi, Mininder S. Kocher, and Theodore J. Ganley. “Narrow Notch Width Is a Risk Factor for Anterior Cruciate Ligament Injury in the Pediatric Population: A Multicenter Study.” <em>Arthroscopy, Sports Medicine, and Rehabilitation</em> 3, no. 3 (June 2021): e823–28. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8220619/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link319" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8220619/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8220619/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Zaffagnini, Stefano, David Dejour, Alberto Grassi, Tomasso Bonanzinga, Giulio Maria Marcheggiani Muccioli, Francesca Colle, Federico Raggi, Andrea Benzi, and Maurilio Maracacci. “Patellofemoral Anatomy and Biomechanics: Current Concepts.”&#160;<em>Joints</em> 1, no. 2 (April–June 2013): 15–20. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4295692/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link218" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4295692/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4295692/</a>.<span>&#160;</span></p>

<p class="p1"><span></span>​​​​​</p>


</body></html>