<!--?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?--><!DOCTYPE html><html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/kotobeeInteractive.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/global.css" />

    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/kotobeeInteractive.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/global.js"></script>

    <title>Notes and Bibliography</title>
    

<meta charset="utf-8" />
 <meta name="kotobee-chapter" content="raw/s8lhft.xhtml" />
<meta name="kotobee-book" content="urn:uuid:bd709843-082e-4503-bd5a-bc9b082abf13" />
</head>
<body>
<h1><span style="display:none"></span><strong>Notes</strong></h1>

<ol>
	<li id="endnote-1">
	<p>Daniel J. Morell and David S. Thyagarajan, “Sternoclavicular Joint Dislocation and Its Management: A Review of the Literature,” <em>World Journal of Orthopedics </em>7, no. 4 (April 18, 2016): 244–50, <a class="link146" href="http://Abrams and Akbarnia, “Shoulder Dislocations Overview.”" target="_blank">https://www.wjgnet.com/2218-5836/full/v7/i4/244.htm</a>. <a class="link75" href="sq1i0k.xhtml#endnote-ref-1">↑</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="endnote-2">
	<p>Morell and Thyagarajan, “Sternoclavicular Joint Dislocation and Its Management.” <a class="link514" href="sq1i0k.xhtml#endnote-ref-2">↑</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="endnote-3">
	<p>Andreas C. Burkart and Richard E. Debski, “Anatomy and Function of the Glenohumeral Ligaments in Anterior Shoulder Instability,” <em>Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research</em> 400 (July 2002): 32–39, <a class="link876" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12072743/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12072743/</a>; Thibault Druel et al., “Role of Middle Glenohumeral Ligament in External Shoulder Rotation,” <em>JSES International</em> 7, no. 2 (March 2023): 331–35, <a class="link972" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9998722/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9998722/</a>; Min Yi et al., “Effect of Glenohumeral Ligaments on Posterior Shoulder Stabilization: A Biomechanical Study,” <em>American Journal of Translational Research </em>15, no. 3 (March 15, 2023): 1953–63, <a class="link273" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10086893/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10086893/</a>. <a class="link46" href="sy7ngu.xhtml#endnote-ref-3">↑</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="endnote-4">
	<p>Jinlong Zhao et al., “Risk Factors for Supraspinatus Tears: A Meta-analysis of Observational Studies,” <em>Orthopaedic Journal of Sports Medicine</em> 9, no. 10 (October 12, 2021), <a class="link417" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34660827/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34660827/</a>. <a class="link921" href="sy7ngu.xhtml#endnote-ref-4">↑</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="endnote-5">
	<p>Rachel Abrams and Halleh Akbarnia, “Shoulder Dislocations Overview,” StatPearls, updated August 8, 2023, <a class="link31" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459125/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459125/</a>. <a class="link217" href="sy7ngu.xhtml#endnote-ref-5">↑</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="endnote-6">
	<p>Abrams and Akbarnia, “Shoulder Dislocations Overview.” <a class="link106" href="sy7ngu.xhtml#endnote-ref-6">↑</a></p>
	</li>
</ol>

<h1>Bibliography</h1>

<p>Abrams, Rachel, and Halleh Akbarnia. “Shoulder Dislocations Overview.” StatPearls. Updated August 8, 2023. <a class="link661" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459125/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459125/</a>.</p>

<p>Aguirre, Kenneth, Andrew Mudreac, and John Kiel. “Anatomy, Shoulder and Upper Limb, Subscapularis Muscle.” StatPearls. Updated August 30, 2022. <a class="link290" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK513344" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK513344</a>.</p>

<p>Arnander, Magnus, and Duncan Tennent. “Clinical Assessment of the Glenoid Labrum.”&#160;<em>Shoulder Elbow</em> 6, no. 4 (October 2014): 291–99. <a class="link194" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27582948/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27582948/</a>.</p>

<p>Barfield, Jeff, and Gretchen Oliver. “What Do We Know about Youth Softball Pitching and Injury?”&#160;<em>Sports Medicine - Open</em>&#160;4, no. 50 (November 19, 2018). <a class="link857" href="https://doi.org/10.1186/s40798-018-0168-6" target="_blank">https://doi.org/10.1186/s40798-018-0168-6</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Biel, Andrew. <em>Trail Guide to the Body: A Hands-On Guide to Locating Muscles, Bones, and More</em>. 6th ed. Boulder, CO: Books of Discovery, 2019.</p>

<p class="p1"><span style="font-size:1em">Burkart, Andreas C., and Richard E. Debski. “Anatomy and Function of the Glenohumeral Ligaments in Anterior Shoulder Instability.” </span><em style="font-size:1em">Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research</em><span style="font-size:1em"> 400 (July 2002): 32–39. <a class="link331" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12072743/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12072743/</a>.</span></p>

<p>Chang, Lou-Ren, Prashanth Anand, and Matthew Varacallo. “Anatomy, Shoulder and Upper Limb, Glenohumeral Joint.” StatPearls. Updated August 8, 2022. <a class="link12" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537018/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537018/</a>.</p>

<p>Colas, F., J. Nevoux, and O. Gagey. “The Subscapular and Subcoracoid Bursae: Descriptive and Functional Anatomy.”&#160;<em>Journal of Shoulder and Elbow Surgery</em> 13, no. 4 (July 2004): 454–58. <a class="link116" href="https://www.jshoulderelbow.org/article/S1058-2746(04)00047-3/ppt" target="_blank">https://www.jshoulderelbow.org/article/S1058-2746(04)00047-3/ppt</a>.</p>

<p>Druel, Thibault, Marius Buffard, Laurent Nové-Josserand, and Arnaud Walch. “Role of Middle Glenohumeral Ligament in External Shoulder Rotation.” <em>JSES International</em> 7, no. 2 (March 2023): 331–35. <a class="link563" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9998722/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9998722/</a>.</p>

<p>Frank, Rachel M., Jose Ramirez, Peter N. Chalmers, Frank M. McCormick, and Anthony A. Romeo. “Scapulothoracic Anatomy and Snapping Scapula Syndrome.”&#160;<em>Anatomy Research International</em> (November 28, 2013). <a class="link120" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24369502/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24369502/</a>.</p>

<p>Gong, Ji-Cheng, Na Chen, Jia-Fei Chen, Zhou Xu, Yi Wu, Jin-Qing Li, and Kang-Lai Tang. “Subscapular Bursa: Anatomy and Magnetic Resonance Appearance.”&#160;<em>Chinese Medical Journal (English)</em> 130, no. 14 (July 20, 2017): 1739–40. <a class="link430" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5520564/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5520564/</a>.</p>

<p>Jeno, Susan H., Akul Munjal, and Gary S. Schindler. “Anatomy, Shoulder and Upper Limb, Arm Supraspinatus Muscle.” StatPearls. Updated August 30, 2022. <a class="link225" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537202" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537202</a>.</p>

<p>Klatte-Schulz, Franka, Kathi Thiele, Markus Scheibel, Georg N. Duda, and Britt Wildemann. “Subacromial Bursa: A Neglected Tissue Is Gaining More and More Attention in Clinical and Experimental Research.” <em>Cells</em> 11, no. 4 (February 14, 2022): 663. <a class="link821" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8870132/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8870132/</a>.</p>

<p>Lam, Joshua H., and Bruno Bordoni. “Anatomy, Shoulder and Upper Limb, Arm Abductor Muscles.” StatPearls. Updated August 30, 2022. <a class="link640" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537148" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537148</a>.</p>

<p>Mercadante, Juliette R., and Raghavendra Marappa-Ganeshan. “Anatomy, Skin Bursa.” StatPearls. Updated October 8, 2022. <a class="link966" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK554438/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK554438/</a>.</p>

<p>Morell, Daniel J., and David S. Thyagarajan. “Sternoclavicular Joint Dislocation and Its Management: A Review of the Literature.” <em>World Journal of Orthopedics </em>7, no. 4 (April 18, 2016): 244–50. <a class="link344" href="https://www.wjgnet.com/2218-5836/full/v7/i4/244.htm" target="_blank">https://www.wjgnet.com/2218-5836/full/v7/i4/244.htm</a>.</p>

<p>Rothenberg, Adam, Gregory Gasbarro, Jesse Chlebeck, and Albert Lin. “The Coracoacromial Ligament: Anatomy, Function, and Clinical Significance.”&#160;<em>Orthopaedic Journal of Sports Medicine </em>5, no. 4 (April 27, 2017). <a class="link275" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28508008/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28508008/</a>.</p>

<p>Sambandam, Senthil Nathan, Vishesh Khanna, Arif Gul, and Varatharaj Mounasamy. “Rotator Cuff Tears: An Evidence Based Approach.”&#160;<em>World Journal of Orthopedics </em>6, no. 11 (December 18, 2015): 902–18. <a class="link744" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26716086/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26716086/</a>.</p>

<p>Tapscott, David C., and Matthew Varacallo. “Supraspinatus Tendonitis.” StatPearls. Updated August 4, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK551702/">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK551702/</a>.</p>

<p>Varacallo, Matthew, and Scott D. Mair. “Proximal Biceps Tendinitis and Tendinopathy.” StatPearls. Updated September 4, 2022. <a class="link770" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK533002" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK533002</a>.</p>

<p>Williams, Jestin M., Margaret A. Sinkler, and William Obremskey. “Anatomy, Shoulder and Upper Limb, Infraspinatus Muscle.” StatPearls. Updated August 8, 2022. <a class="link181" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK513255" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK513255</a>.</p>

<p>Yi, Min, Fan Yang, Jingjing An, and Fuguo Huang. “Effect of Glenohumeral Ligaments on Posterior Shoulder Stabilization: A Biomechanical Study.” <em>American Journal of Translational Research</em> 15, no. 3 (March 15, 2023): 1953–63. <a class="link99" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10086893/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10086893/</a>.</p>

<p>Zhao, Jinlong, Minghui Luo, Guihong Liang, Ming Wu, Jianke Pan, Ling-Feng Zeng, Weiyi Yang, and Jun Liu. “Risk Factors for Supraspinatus Tears: A Meta-analysis of Observational Studies.” <em>Orthopaedic Journal of Sports Medicine</em> 9, no. 10 (October 12, 2021). <a class="link393" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34660827/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34660827/</a>.</p>

<p>&#160;</p>


</body></html>