<!--?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?--><!DOCTYPE html><html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/kotobeeInteractive.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/global.css" />

    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/kotobeeInteractive.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/global.js"></script>

    <title>Notes and Bibliography</title>
    

<meta charset="utf-8" />
 <meta name="kotobee-chapter" content="raw/sbchrq.xhtml" />
<meta name="kotobee-book" content="urn:uuid:821878d6-a735-f336-7b1c-ad95132d43e5" />
</head>
<body>
<h1><span style="color:#003976"><span style="display:none"></span>Notes</span><span style="color:#2c6ca2"></span></h1>

<ol>
	<li id="endnote-1">
	<p>Benjamin K. Buchanan and Matthew Varacallo, “Lateral Epicondylitis (Tennis Elbow),” StatPearls, updated August 4, 2003, <a class="link49" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK431092/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK431092/</a>. <a class="link580" href="sigfuy.xhtml#endnote-ref-1">↑</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="endnote-2">
	<p>Thomas De Smedt et al., “Lateral Epicondylitis in Tennis: Update on Aetiology, Biomechanics and Treatment,” <em>British Journal of Sports Medicine</em>. 41, no. 11 (November 2007): 816–19, <a class="link850" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17616547/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17616547/</a>. <a class="link571" href="sigfuy.xhtml#endnote-ref-2">↑</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="endnote-3">
	<p>Andrew M. Simpson et al., “Hand and Wrist Injuries among Collegiate Athletes: The Role of Sex and Competition on Injury Rates and Severity,” <em>Orthopaedic Journal of Sports Medicine </em>8, no. 12 (December 15, 2020), <a class="link107" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33403205/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33403205/</a>. <a class="link863" href="sigfuy.xhtml#endnote-ref-3">↑</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="endnote-4">
	<p>Kevin Summers, Ahmed Mabrouk, and Sarah M. Fowles, “Colles Fracture,” StatPearls, updated July 31, 2023, <a class="link517" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31971712/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31971712/</a>. <a class="link228" href="sy7ngu.xhtml#endnote-ref-4">↑</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="endnote-5">
	<p>Summers, Mabrouk, and Fowles, “Colles Fracture.” <a class="link611" href="s5rt27.xhtml#endnote-ref-4">↑</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="endnote-6">
	<p>Summers, Mabrouk, and Fowles, “Colles Fracture.” <a class="link482" href="sy7ngu.xhtml#endnote-ref-6">↑</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="endnote-7">
	<p>Zara Hayat and Matthew Varacallo, “Scaphoid Wrist Fracture,” StatPearls, updated September 4, 2022, <a class="link591" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK536907/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK536907/</a>. <a class="link944" href="s5rt27.xhtml#endnote-ref-7">↑</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="endnote-8">
	<p>Hayat and Varacallo, “Scaphoid Wrist Fracture.” <a class="link271" href="s5rt27.xhtml#endnote-ref-8">↑</a></p>
	</li>
</ol>

<h1>Bibliography</h1>

<p>Biel, Andrew. <em>Trail Guide to the Body: A Hands-On Guide to Locating Muscles, Bones, and More</em>. 6th ed. Boulder, CO: Books of Discovery, 2019.</p>

<p>Buchanan, Benjmain K., and Matthew Varacallo. “Lateral Epicondylitis (Tennis Elbow).” StatPearls. Updated November 7, 2022.&#160;<a class="link147" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK431092/&amp;sa=D&amp;source=docs&amp;ust=1678822333256555&amp;usg=AOvVaw0J7fWGRye1rW9xUaW2nl1q" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK431092/</a>.</p>

<p>Card, Ryan K., and Jason B. Lowe. “Anatomy, Shoulder and Upper Limb, Elbow Joint.” StatPearls. Updated July 25, 2022. <a class="link787" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK532948/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK532948/</a>.</p>

<p>Claessen, Femke M. A. P., Ilse Schol, Gregory P. Kolovich, and David Ring. “Avascular Necrosis of the Scaphoid Preiser Disease.”&#160;<em>The Archives of Bone and Joint Surgery</em> 8, no 1 (January 2020): 94–98. <a class="link57" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32090152/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32090152/</a>.</p>

<p>De Smedt, Thomas, Andy de Jong, Wim Van Leemput, Dossche Lieven, and Francis Van Glabbeek. “Lateral Epicondylitis in Tennis: Update on Aetiology, Biomechanics and Treatment.” <em>British Journal of Sports Medicine </em>41, no. 11 (November 2007): 816–19. <a class="link817" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17616547/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17616547/</a>.</p>

<p>Dugas, Jeffrey R. “Valgus Extension Overload: Diagnosis and Treatment.”&#160;<em>Clinics in Sports Medicine</em> 29, no. 4 (October 2010): 645–54. <a class="link461" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20883902/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20883902/</a>.</p>

<p>Erickson, Brandon J., Joshua D. Harris, Peter N. Chalmers, Bernard R. Bach Jr., Nikhil N. Verma, Charles A. Bush-Joseph, and Anthony A. Romeo. “Ulnar Collateral Ligament Reconstruction: Anatomy, Indications, Techniques, and Outcomes.” <em>Sports Health </em>7, no. 6 (November–December 2015): 511–17.<a class="link767" href=" https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26502444/" target="_blank"> https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26502444/</a>.</p>

<p>Hayat, Zara, and Matthew Varacallo. “Scaphoid Wrist Fracture.” StatPearls. Updated September 4, 2022. <a class="link657" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK536907/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK536907/</a>.</p>

<p>Helms, Jackson Taylor, Kenia A. Maldonado, and Bracken Burns. “Anatomy, Shoulder and Upper Limb, Hand Radiocarpal Joint.” StatPearls. Updated August 8, 2022. <a class="link645" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539744/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539744/</a>.</p>

<p>Layson, James, and Ben. J. Best. “Elbow Dislocation.” StatPearls. Updated August 8, 2022. <a class="link684" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK549817/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK549817/</a>.</p>

<p>Looney, Austin M., Paolo D. Rigor, and Blake M. Bodendorfer. “Evaluation and Management of Elbow Injuries in the Adolescent Overhead Athlete.” <em>SAGE Open Medicine</em> 9 (April 22, 2021). <a class="link933" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33996078/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33996078/</a>.</p>

<p>Mayes, Michael, Madeleine Salesky, and Drew A. Lansdown. “Throwing Injury Prevention Strategies with a Whole Kinetic Chain-Focused Approach.”&#160;<em>Current Reviews in Musculoskeletal Medicine</em> 15, no 2 (April 2022): 53–64. <a class="link158" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35389192/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35389192/</a>.</p>

<p>McCarty, L. Pearce, III. “Approach to Medial Elbow Pain in the Throwing Athlete.” <em>Current Reviews in Musculoskeletal Medicine </em>12, no. 1 (March 2019): 30–40. <a class="link78" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6388576/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6388576/</a>.</p>

<p>Simpson, Andrew M., Daniel P. Donato, Jacob Veith, David Magno-Padron, and Jayant P. Agarwal. “Hand and Wrist Injuries among Collegiate Athletes: The Role of Sex and Competition on Injury Rates and Severity.” <em>Orthopaedic Journal of Sports Medicine </em>8, no. 12 (December 15, 2020). <a class="link780" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33403205/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33403205/</a>.</p>

<p>Stroyan, Michael, and Kevin E. Wilk. “The Functional Anatomy of the Elbow Complex.”&#160;<em>Journal of Orthopaedic and Sports Physical Therapy </em>17, no. 6 (June 1993): 279–88. <a class="link508" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8343787/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8343787/</a>.</p>

<p>Summers, Kevin, Ahmed Mabrouk, and Sarah M. Fowles. “Colles Fracture.” StatPearls. Updated July 31, 2023. <a class="link205" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31971712/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31971712/</a>.</p>

<p>&#160;</p>


</body></html>