<!--?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?--><!DOCTYPE html><html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/kotobeeInteractive.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/global.css" />

    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/kotobeeInteractive.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/global.js"></script>

    <title>Notes and Bibliography</title>
    

<meta charset="utf-8" />
 <meta name="kotobee-chapter" content="raw/sf9jdz.xhtml" />
<meta name="kotobee-book" content="urn:uuid:9463ad13-ac05-6fb0-1f18-bc1f574b509e" />
</head>
<body>
<h1><span style="display:none"></span><strong>Notes</strong></h1>

<ol>
	<li id="endnote-1">
	<p>Sajedur Rahman and Joe M. Das, “Anatomy, Head and Neck, Cervical Spine,” StatPearls, updated August 31, 2022, <a class="link367" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557516/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557516/</a>. <a class="link381" href="sa9vox.xhtml#endnote-ref-1">↑</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="endnote-2">
	<p>Joshua A. Waxenbaum, Vamsi Reddy, and Bennett Futterman, “Anatomy, Back, Intervertebral Discs,” updated August 8, 2022, <a class="link980" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470583/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470583/</a>. <a class="link899" href="sa9vox.xhtml#endnote-ref-2">↑</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="endnote-3">
	<p>Waxenbaum, Reddy, and Futterman, “Anatomy, Back, Intervertebral Discs.” <a class="link976" href="sa9vox.xhtml#endnote-ref-3">↑</a></p>
	</li>
</ol>

<h1>Bibliography</h1>

<p>Biel, Andrew. <em>Trail Guide to the Body: A Hands-On Guide to Locating Muscles, Bones, and More</em>. 6th ed. Boulder, CO: Books of Discovery, 2019.</p>

<p>Dydyk, Alexander M., Ruben Ngnitewe Massa, and Fassil B. Mesfin. “Disc Herniation.” StatPearls. Updated January 18, 2022. <a class="link89" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK441822/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK441822/</a>.</p>

<p>Edwards, Nathan, Clark Dickin, and Henry Wang. “Low Back Pain and Golf: A Review of Biomechanical Risk Factors.” <em>Sports Medicine and Health Science</em> 2, no. 1 (March 2020): 10–18. <a class="link836" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35783335/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35783335/</a>.</p>

<p>Koelé, M. C., W. F. Lems, and H. C. Willems. “The Clinical Relevance of Hyperkyphosis: A Narrative Review.” <em>Frontiers in Endocrinology (Lausanne)</em> 11 (2020): 5. <a class="link875" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32038498/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32038498/</a>.</p>

<p>Koseki, Taiichi, Fujiyasu Kakizaki, Shogo Hayashi, Naoya Nishida, and Masahiro Itoh. “Effect of Forward Head Posture on Thoracic Shape and Respiratory Function.” <em>Journal of Physical Therapy Science</em> 31, no. 1 (January 2019): 63–68. <a class="link983" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30774207/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30774207/</a>.</p>

<p>Mostafa, Evan, and Matthew Varacallo. “Anatomy, Back, Coccygeal Vertebrae.” StatPearls. Updated June 7, 2022. <a class="link286" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK549870/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK549870/</a>.</p>

<p>Rahman, Sajedur, and Joe M. Das. “Anatomy, Head and Neck, Cervical Spine.” StatPearls. Updated August 31, 2022. <a class="link632" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557516/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557516/</a>.</p>

<p>Sassack, Brett, and Jonathan D. Carrier. “Anatomy, Back, Lumbar Spine.” StatPearls. Updated August 25, 2022. <a class="link424" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557616/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557616/</a>.</p>

<p>Sattar, Mohammad H., and Stuart T. Guthrie. “Anatomy, Back, Sacral Vertebrae.” StatPearls. Updated July 25, 2022. <a class="link180" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK551653/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK551653/</a>.</p>

<p>Streifer, Michael, Allison M. Brown, Tara Porfido, Ellen Zambo Anderson, Jennifer F. Buckman, and Carrie Esopenko. “The Potential Role of the Cervical Spine in Sports-Related Concussion: Clinical Perspectives and Considerations for Risk Reduction.” <em>Journal of Orthopaedic and Sports Physical Therapy</em> 49, no. 3 (March 2019): 202–08. <a class="link779" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30645949/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30645949/</a>.</p>

<p>Waxenbaum, Joshua A., Vamsi Reddy, and Bennett Futterman. “Anatomy, Back, Intervertebral Discs.” StatPearls. Updated August 8, 2022. <a class="link504" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470583/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470583/</a>.</p>

<p>Waxenbaum, Joshua A., Vamsi Reddy, and Bennett Futterman. “Anatomy, Back, Thoracic Vertebrae.” StatPearls. Updated August 8, 2022. <a class="link481" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459153/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459153/</a>.</p>

<p>&#160;</p>


</body></html>