<!--?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?--><!DOCTYPE html><html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/kotobeeInteractive.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/global.css" />

    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/kotobeeInteractive.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/global.js"></script>

    <title>Notes and Bibliography</title>
    

<meta charset="utf-8" />
 <meta name="kotobee-chapter" content="raw/sh4m0g.xhtml" />
<meta name="kotobee-book" content="urn:uuid:c77d0af3-35de-d3a6-382f-5a151a0635c2" />
</head>
<body>
<h1><span style="display:none"></span>Notes</h1>

<section class="footnotes footnotes-end-of-document" id="footnotes" role="doc-endnotes">
<ol>
	<li id="fn1">
	<p>Divya Gopinath et al., “A Comprehensive Overview of Epidemiology, Pathogenesis and the Management of Herpes Labialis,” <em>Viruses</em> 15, no. 1 (January 13, 2023): 225, <a class="link778" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36680265/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36680265/</a>.<a class="link983" href="sx0mhh.xhtml#fnref1" id="fnref1" role="doc-backlink">↩︎</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="fn2">
	<p>Lígia Figueiredo Valesan et al., “Prevalence of Temporomandibular Joint Disorders: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis,” <em>Clinical</em><em> Oral </em><em>Investigations</em> 25, no. 2 (February 2021): 441–53, <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33409693/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link24" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33409693/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33409693/</a>. <a class="link766" href="skn3pj.xhtml#fnref2" role="doc-backlink">↩︎</a></p>
	</li>
</ol>
</section>

<h1>Bibliography</h1>

<p class="p1"><span class="s1">Biel, Andrew. </span><em>Trail Guide to the Body: A Hands-On Guide to Locating Muscles, Bones, and More</em><span class="s1">. 6th ed. Boulder, CO: Books of Discovery, 2019.</span></p>

<p class="p2">Bello-Morales, Raquel, Sabina Andreu, and José Antonio López-Guerrero. “The Role of Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1 Infection in Demyelination of the Central Nervous System.” <span class="s2"><em>International Journal of Molecular Science</em></span> 21, no. 14 (July 16, 2020): 5026. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32708697/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link291" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32708697/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32708697/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Bordoni, Bruno, Nicholas L. Mankowski, and Daniel T. Daly. “Neuroanatomy, Cranial Nerve 8 (Vestibulocochlear).” StatPearls. Updated May 22, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537359/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link78" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537359/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537359/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Bordoni, Bruno, and Matthew Varacallo. “Anatomy, Head and Neck, Temporomandibular Joint.” StatPearls. Updated July 25, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538486/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link585" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538486/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538486/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Dulak, Dominika, and Imama A. Naqvi. “Neuroanatomy, Cranial Nerve 7 (Facial).” StatPearls. Updated July 25, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK526119/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link784" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK526119/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK526119/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Gopinath, Divya, Kim Hoe Koe, Mari Kannan Maharajan, and Swagatika Panda. “A Comprehensive Overview of Epidemiology, Pathogenesis and the Management of Herpes Labialis.” <span class="s2"><em>Viruses</em></span> 15, no. 1 (January 13, 2023): 225. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36680265/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link855" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36680265/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36680265/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Howell, Jessica, Richard M. Costanzo, and Evan R. Reiter. “Head Trauma and Olfactory Function.” <span class="s2"><em>World Journal of Otorhinolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery</em></span> 4, no. 1 (March 2018): 39–45. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30035260/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link526" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30035260/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30035260/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Huff, Trevor, Luke. J. Weisbrod, and Daniel T. Daly. “Neuroanatomy, Cranial Nerve 5 (Trigeminal).” StatPearls. Updated November 9, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK482283/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link121" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK482283/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK482283/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Johkura, Ken. “Vertigo and Dizziness.” <span class="s2"><em>Rinsho Shinkeigaku (Clinical Neurology)</em></span> 61, no. 5 (May 19, 2021): 279–87. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33867417/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link349" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33867417/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33867417/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Kenny, Brian J., and Bruno Bordoni. “Neuroanatomy, Cranial Nerve 10 (Vagus Nerve).” StatPearls. Updated November 7, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537171/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link892" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537171/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537171/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Kim, Seung Y., Mahsaw Motlagh, and Imama A. Naqvi. “Neuroanatomy, Cranial Nerve 4 (Trochlear).” StatPearls. Updated November 22, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537244/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link698" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537244/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537244/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Kim, Seung Y., and Imama A. Naqvi. “Neuroanatomy, Cranial Nerve 12 (Hypoglossal).” StatPearls. Updated November 7, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK532869/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link813" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK532869/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK532869/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Li, Dion Tik Shun, and Yiu Yan Leung. “Temporomandibular Disorders: Current Concepts and Controversies in Diagnosis and Management.” <span class="s2"><em>Diagnostics (Basel)</em></span> 11, no. 3 (March 6, 2021): 459. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33800948/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link393" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33800948/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33800948/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Maini, Kushagra, and Anterpreet Dua. “Temporomandibular Syndrome.” StatPearls. Updated April 28, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK551612/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link555" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK551612/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK551612/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Mashaqi, Saif, Salma Imran Patel, Daniel Combs, Lauren Estep, Sonia Helmick, Joan Machamer, and Sairam Parthasarathy. “The Hypoglossal Nerve Stimulation as a Novel Therapy for Treating Obstructive Sleep Apnea—A Literature Review.” <span class="s2"><em>International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health</em></span> 18, no. 4 (February 9, 2021): 1642. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33572156/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link481" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33572156/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33572156/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Reese, Vanessa, Joe M. Das, and Yasir Al Khalili. “Cranial Nerve Testing.” StatPearls. Updated September 26, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK585066/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link766" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK585066/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK585066/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Sekhon, Rupinder K., Franklin Rocha Cabrero, and Jonathon P. Deibel. “Nystagmus Types.” StatPearls. Updated February 7, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539711/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link485" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539711/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539711/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Stanton, Monica, and Andrew M. Freeman. “Vertigo.” StatPearls. Updated March 18, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK482356/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link431" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK482356/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK482356/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Thomas, Kathryn, Katrina Minutello, Joe M. Das. “Neuroanatomy, Cranial Nerve 9 (Glossopharyngeal).” StatPearls. Updated November 7, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539877/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link150" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539877/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539877/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Tunkel, David E., Carol A. Bauer, Gordon H. Sun, Richard M. Rosenfeld, Sujana S. Chandrasekhar, Eugene R. Cunningham Jr., Sanford M. Archer, et al. “Clinical Practice Guideline: Tinnitus.” Supplement 2, <span class="s2"><em>Otolaryngology—Head and Neck Surgery</em></span> 151, no. S2 (October 2014): S1–S40. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25273878/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link863" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25273878/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25273878/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Valesan, Lígia Figueiredo, Cecilia Doebber Da-Cas, Jéssica Conti Réus, Ana Cristina Scremin Denardin, Roberto Ramos Garanhani, Daniel Bonotto, Eduardo Januzzi, and Beatriz Dulcineia Mendes de Souza. “Prevalence of Temporomandibular Joint Disorders: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.” <span class="s2"><em>Clinical Oral Investigations</em></span> 25, no 2 (February 2021): 441–53. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33409693/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link780" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33409693/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33409693/</a>.</p>

<p class="p3">Walker, H. Kenneth. “Cranial Nerve XI: The Spinal Accessory Nerve.” Chap. 64 in <span class="s2"><em>Clinical Methods: The History, Physical, and Laboratory Examinations</em></span>, 3rd ed., edited by H. Kenneth Walker, W. Dallas Hall, and J. Willis Hurst. Boston: Butterworths, 1990. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK387/"><span class="s3"></span></a><a class="link333" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK387/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK387/</a><em>.</em></p>

<p>&#160;</p>


</body></html>