<!--?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?--><!DOCTYPE html><html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/kotobeeInteractive.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/global.css" />

    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/kotobeeInteractive.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/global.js"></script>

    <title>Bibliography</title>
    

<meta charset="utf-8" />
 <meta name="kotobee-chapter" content="raw/shrzsl.xhtml" />
<meta name="kotobee-book" content="urn:uuid:1fa1df5d-5c17-eb98-332e-f18672ce5ce3" />
</head>
<body>
<h1 class="p1">Bibliography</h1>

<p class="p1">&#160;</p>

<h4 class="p1">Chapter 1: Introduction: Tour Guide Tips</h4>

<p class="p1">Biel, Andrew. <em>Trail Guide to the Body: A Hands-On Guide to Locating Muscles, Bones, and More</em>. 6th ed. Boulder, CO: Books of Discovery, 2019.</p>

<p class="p1">&#160;</p>

<h4 class="p1">Chapter 2: Joints of the Shoulder Complex</h4>

<p class="p1">Abrams, Rachel, and Halleh Akbarnia. “Shoulder Dislocations Overview.” StatPearls. Updated August 8, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459125/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link656" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459125/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459125/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Aguirre, Kenneth, Andrew Mudreac, and John Kiel. “Anatomy, Shoulder and Upper Limb, Subscapularis Muscle.” StatPearls. Updated August 30, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK513344"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link458" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459125/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK513344</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Arnander, Magnus, and Duncan Tennent. “Clinical Assessment of the Glenoid Labrum.”&#160;<em>Shoulder Elbow</em> 6, no. 4 (October 2014): 291–99. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27582948/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link175" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27582948/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27582948/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Barfield, Jeff, and Gretchen Oliver. “What Do We Know about Youth Softball Pitching and Injury?”&#160;<em>Sports Medicine - Open</em>&#160;4, no. 50 (November 19, 2018). <a href="https://doi.org/10.1186/s40798-018-0168-6"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link733" href="https://doi.org/10.1186/s40798-018-0168-6" target="_blank">https://doi.org/10.1186/s40798-018-0168-6</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Biel, Andrew. <em>Trail Guide to the Body: A Hands-On Guide to Locating Muscles, Bones, and More</em>. 6th ed. Boulder, CO: Books of Discovery, 2019.</p>

<p class="p1">Burkart, Andreas C., and Richard E. Debski. “Anatomy and Function of the Glenohumeral Ligaments in Anterior Shoulder Instability.” <em>Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research</em> 400 (July 2002): 32–39. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12072743/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link714" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12072743/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12072743/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Chang, Lou-Ren, Prashanth Anand, and Matthew Varacallo. “Anatomy, Shoulder and Upper Limb, Glenohumeral Joint.” StatPearls. Updated August 8, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537018/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link665" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537018/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537018/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Colas, F., J. Nevoux, and O. Gagey. “The Subscapular and Subcoracoid Bursae: Descriptive and Functional Anatomy.”&#160;<em>Journal of Shoulder and Elbow Surgery</em> 13, no. 4 (July 2004): 454–58. <a href="https://www.jshoulderelbow.org/article/S1058-2746(04)00047-3/ppt"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link985" href="https://www.jshoulderelbow.org/article/S1058-2746(04)00047-3/ppt" target="_blank">https://www.jshoulderelbow.org/article/S1058-2746(04)00047-3/ppt</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Druel, Thibault, Marius Buffard, Laurent Nové-Josserand, and Arnaud Walch. “Role of Middle Glenohumeral Ligament in External Shoulder Rotation.” <em>JSES International</em> 7, no. 2 (March 2023): 331–35. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9998722/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link739" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9998722/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9998722/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Frank, Rachel M., Jose Ramirez, Peter N. Chalmers, Frank M. McCormick, and Anthony A. Romeo. “Scapulothoracic Anatomy and Snapping Scapula Syndrome.”&#160;<em>Anatomy Research International</em> (November 28, 2013). <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24369502/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link685" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9998722/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24369502/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Gong, Ji-Cheng, Na Chen, Jia-Fei Chen, Zhou Xu, Yi Wu, Jin-Qing Li, and Kang-Lai Tang. “Subscapular Bursa: Anatomy and Magnetic Resonance Appearance.”&#160;<em>Chinese Medical Journal (English)</em> 130, no. 14 (July 20, 2017): 1739–40. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5520564/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link834" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5520564/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5520564/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Jeno, Susan H., Akul Munjal, and Gary S. Schindler. “Anatomy, Shoulder and Upper Limb, Arm Supraspinatus Muscle.” StatPearls. Updated August 30, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537202"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link226" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537202" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537202</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Klatte-Schulz, Franka, Kathi Thiele, Markus Scheibel, Georg N. Duda, and Britt Wildemann. “Subacromial Bursa: A Neglected Tissue Is Gaining More and More Attention in Clinical and Experimental Research.” <em>Cells</em> 11, no. 4 (February 14, 2022): 663. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8870132/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link186" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8870132/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8870132/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Lam, Joshua H., and Bruno Bordoni. “Anatomy, Shoulder and Upper Limb, Arm Abductor Muscles.” StatPearls. Updated August 30, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537148"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link424" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537148" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537148</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Mercadante, Juliette R., and Raghavendra Marappa-Ganeshan. “Anatomy, Skin Bursa.” StatPearls. Updated October 8, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK554438/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link59" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK554438/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK554438/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Morell, Daniel J., and David S. Thyagarajan. “Sternoclavicular Joint Dislocation and Its Management: A Review of the Literature.” <em>World Journal of Orthopedics</em> 7, no. 4 (April 18, 2016): 244–50. <a href="https://www.wjgnet.com/2218-5836/full/v7/i4/244.htm"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link462" href="https://www.wjgnet.com/2218-5836/full/v7/i4/244.htm" target="_blank">https://www.wjgnet.com/2218-5836/full/v7/i4/244.htm</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Rothenberg, Adam, Gregory Gasbarro, Jesse Chlebeck, and Albert Lin. “The Coracoacromial Ligament: Anatomy, Function, and Clinical Significance.”&#160;<em>Orthopaedic Journal of Sports Medicine</em> 5, no. 4 (April 27, 2017). <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28508008/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link575" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28508008/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28508008/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Sambandam, Senthil Nathan, Vishesh Khanna, Arif Gul, and Varatharaj Mounasamy. “Rotator Cuff Tears: An Evidence Based Approach.”&#160;<em>World Journal of Orthopedics</em> 6, no. 11 (December 18, 2015): 902–18. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26716086/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link499" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26716086/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26716086/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Tapscott, David C., and Matthew Varacallo. “Supraspinatus Tendonitis.” StatPearls. Updated August 4, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK551702/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link612" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK551702/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK551702/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Varacallo, Matthew, and Scott D. Mair. “Proximal Biceps Tendinitis and Tendinopathy.” StatPearls. Updated September 4, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK533002"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link808" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK533002" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK533002</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Williams, Jestin M., Margaret A. Sinkler, and William Obremskey. “Anatomy, Shoulder and Upper Limb, Infraspinatus Muscle.” StatPearls. Updated August 8, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK513255"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link131" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK513255" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK513255</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Yi, Min, Fan Yang, Jingjing An, and Fuguo Huang. “Effect of Glenohumeral Ligaments on Posterior Shoulder Stabilization: A Biomechanical Study.” <em>American Journal of Translational Research</em> 15, no. 3 (March 15, 2023): 1953–63. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10086893/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link47" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10086893/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10086893/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Zhao, Jinlong, Minghui Luo, Guihong Liang, Ming Wu, Jianke Pan, Ling-Feng Zeng, Weiyi Yang, and Jun Liu. “Risk Factors for Supraspinatus Tears: A Meta-analysis of Observational Studies.” <em>Orthopaedic Journal of Sports Medicine</em> 9, no. 10 (October 12, 2021). <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34660827/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link496" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34660827/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34660827/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">&#160;</p>

<h4 class="p1">Chapter 3: Joints of the Elbow and Wrist Complexes</h4>

<p class="p1">Biel, Andrew. <em>Trail Guide to the Body: A Hands-On Guide to Locating Muscles, Bones, and More</em>. 6th ed. Boulder, CO: Books of Discovery, 2019.</p>

<p class="p1">Buchanan, Benjmain K., and Matthew Varacallo. “Lateral Epicondylitis (Tennis Elbow).” StatPearls. Updated November 7, 2022.&#160;<a href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK431092/&amp;sa=D&amp;source=docs&amp;ust=1678822333256555&amp;usg=AOvVaw0J7fWGRye1rW9xUaW2nl1q"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link525" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK431092/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK431092/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Card, Ryan K., and Jason B. Lowe. “Anatomy, Shoulder and Upper Limb, Elbow Joint.” StatPearls. Updated July 25, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK532948/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link295" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK532948/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK532948/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Claessen, Femke M. A. P., Ilse Schol, Gregory P. Kolovich, and David Ring. “Avascular Necrosis of the Scaphoid Preiser Disease.”&#160;<em>The Archives of Bone and Joint Surgery</em> 8, no 1 (January 2020): 94–98. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32090152/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link296" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32090152/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32090152/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">De Smedt, Thomas, Andy de Jong, Wim Van Leemput, Dossche Lieven, and Francis Van Glabbeek. “Lateral Epicondylitis in Tennis: Update on Aetiology, Biomechanics and Treatment.” <em>British Journal of Sports Medicine</em> 41, no. 11 (November 2007): 816–19. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17616547/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link71" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17616547/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17616547/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Dugas, Jeffrey R. “Valgus Extension Overload: Diagnosis and Treatment.”&#160;<em>Clinics in Sports Medicine</em> 29, no. 4 (October 2010): 645–54. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20883902/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link127" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20883902/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20883902/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Erickson, Brandon J., Joshua D. Harris, Peter N. Chalmers, Bernard R. Bach Jr., Nikhil N. Verma, Charles A. Bush-Joseph, and Anthony A. Romeo. “Ulnar Collateral Ligament Reconstruction: Anatomy, Indications, Techniques, and Outcomes.” <em>Sports Health</em> 7, no. 6 (November–December 2015): 511–17. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26502444/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link635" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26502444/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26502444/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Hayat, Zara, and Matthew Varacallo. “Scaphoid Wrist Fracture.” StatPearls. Updated September 4, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK536907/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link819" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK536907/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK536907/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Helms, Jackson Taylor, Kenia A. Maldonado, and Bracken Burns. “Anatomy, Shoulder and Upper Limb, Hand Radiocarpal Joint.” StatPearls. Updated August 8, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539744/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link649" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539744/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539744/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Layson, James, and Ben. J. Best. “Elbow Dislocation.” StatPearls. Updated August 8, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK549817/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link870" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK549817/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK549817/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Looney, Austin M., Paolo D. Rigor, and Blake M. Bodendorfer. “Evaluation and Management of Elbow Injuries in the Adolescent Overhead Athlete.” <em>SAGE Open Medicine</em> 9 (April 22, 2021). <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33996078/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link43" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33996078/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33996078/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Mayes, Michael, Madeleine Salesky, and Drew A. Lansdown. “Throwing Injury Prevention Strategies with a Whole Kinetic Chain-Focused Approach.”&#160;<em>Current Reviews in Musculoskeletal Medicine</em> 15, no 2 (April 2022): 53–64. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35389192/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link237" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35389192/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35389192/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">McCarty, L. Pearce, III. “Approach to Medial Elbow Pain in the Throwing Athlete.” <em>Current Reviews in Musculoskeletal Medicine</em> 12, no. 1 (March 2019): 30–40. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6388576/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link263" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6388576/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6388576/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Simpson, Andrew M., Daniel P. Donato, Jacob Veith, David Magno-Padron, and Jayant P. Agarwal. “Hand and Wrist Injuries among Collegiate Athletes: The Role of Sex and Competition on Injury Rates and Severity.” <em>Orthopaedic Journal of Sports Medicine</em> 8, no. 12 (December 15, 2020). <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33403205/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link860" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33403205/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33403205/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Stroyan, Michael, and Kevin E. Wilk. “The Functional Anatomy of the Elbow Complex.”&#160;<em>Journal of Orthopaedic and Sports Physical Therapy</em> 17, no. 6 (June 1993): 279–88. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8343787/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link615" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8343787/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8343787/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Summers, Kevin, Ahmed Mabrouk, and Sarah M. Fowles. “Colles Fracture.” StatPearls. Updated July 31, 2023. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31971712/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link218" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31971712/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31971712/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">&#160;</p>

<h4 class="p1">Chapter 4: Spine</h4>

<p class="p1">Biel, Andrew. <em>Trail Guide to the Body: A Hands-On Guide to Locating Muscles, Bones, and More</em>. 6th ed. Boulder, CO: Books of Discovery, 2019.</p>

<p class="p1">Dydyk, Alexander M., Ruben Ngnitewe Massa, and Fassil B. Mesfin. “Disc Herniation.” StatPearls. Updated January 18, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK441822/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link711" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK441822/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK441822/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Edwards, Nathan, Clark Dickin, and Henry Wang. “Low Back Pain and Golf: A Review of Biomechanical Risk Factors.” <em>Sports Medicine and Health Science</em> 2, no. 1 (March 2020): 10–18. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35783335/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link306" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35783335/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35783335/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Koelé, M. C., W. F. Lems, and H. C. Willems. “The Clinical Relevance of Hyperkyphosis: A Narrative Review.” <em>Frontiers in Endocrinology (Lausanne)</em> 11 (2020): 5. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32038498/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link291" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32038498/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32038498/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Koseki, Taiichi, Fujiyasu Kakizaki, Shogo Hayashi, Naoya Nishida, and Masahiro Itoh. “Effect of Forward Head Posture on Thoracic Shape and Respiratory Function.” <em>Journal of Physical Therapy Science</em> 31, no. 1 (January 2019): 63–68. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30774207/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link381" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30774207/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30774207/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Mostafa, Evan, and Matthew Varacallo. “Anatomy, Back, Coccygeal Vertebrae.” StatPearls. Updated June 7, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK549870/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link439" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK549870/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK549870/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Rahman, Sajedur, and Joe M. Das. “Anatomy, Head and Neck, Cervical Spine.” StatPearls. Updated August 31, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557516/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link870" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557516/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557516/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Sassack, Brett, and Jonathan D. Carrier. “Anatomy, Back, Lumbar Spine.” StatPearls. Updated August 25, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557616/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link253" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557616/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557616/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Sattar, Mohammad H., and Stuart T. Guthrie. “Anatomy, Back, Sacral Vertebrae.” StatPearls. Updated July 25, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK551653/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link157" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK551653/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK551653/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Streifer, Michael, Allison M. Brown, Tara Porfido, Ellen Zambo Anderson, Jennifer F. Buckman, and Carrie Esopenko. “The Potential Role of the Cervical Spine in Sports-Related Concussion: Clinical Perspectives and Considerations for Risk Reduction.” <em>Journal of Orthopaedic and Sports Physical Therapy</em> 49, no. 3 (March 2019): 202–08. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30645949/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link13" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30645949/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30645949/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Waxenbaum, Joshua A., Vamsi Reddy, and Bennett Futterman. “Anatomy, Back, Intervertebral Discs.” StatPearls. Updated August 8, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470583/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link1" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470583/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470583/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Waxenbaum, Joshua A., Vamsi Reddy, and Bennett Futterman. “Anatomy, Back, Thoracic Vertebrae.” StatPearls. Updated August 8, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459153/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link140" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459153/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459153/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">&#160;</p>

<h4 class="p1">Chapter 5: Head and Face</h4>

<p class="p1">Biel, Andrew. <em>Trail Guide to the Body: A Hands-On Guide to Locating Muscles, Bones, and More</em>. 6th ed. Boulder, CO: Books of Discovery, 2019.</p>

<p class="p1">Bello-Morales, Raquel, Sabina Andreu, and José Antonio López-Guerrero. “The Role of Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1 Infection in Demyelination of the Central Nervous System.” <em>International Journal of Molecular Science</em> 21, no. 14 (July 16, 2020): 5026. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32708697/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link133" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32708697/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32708697/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Bordoni, Bruno, Nicholas L. Mankowski, and Daniel T. Daly. “Neuroanatomy, Cranial Nerve 8 (Vestibulocochlear).” StatPearls. Updated May 22, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537359/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link566" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537359/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537359/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Bordoni, Bruno, and Matthew Varacallo. “Anatomy, Head and Neck, Temporomandibular Joint.” StatPearls. Updated July 25, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538486/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link864" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538486/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538486/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Dulak, Dominika, and Imama A. Naqvi. “Neuroanatomy, Cranial Nerve 7 (Facial).” StatPearls. Updated July 25, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK526119/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link719" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK526119/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK526119/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Gopinath, Divya, Kim Hoe Koe, Mari Kannan Maharajan, and Swagatika Panda. “A Comprehensive Overview of Epidemiology, Pathogenesis and the Management of Herpes Labialis.” <em>Viruses</em> 15, no. 1 (January 13, 2023): 225. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36680265/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link690" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36680265/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/36680265/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Howell, Jessica, Richard M. Costanzo, and Evan R. Reiter. “Head Trauma and Olfactory Function.” <em>World Journal of Otorhinolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery</em> 4, no. 1 (March 2018): 39-45. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30035260/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link99" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30035260/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30035260/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Huff, Trevor, Luke. J. Weisbrod, and Daniel T. Daly. “Neuroanatomy, Cranial Nerve 5 (Trigeminal).” StatPearls. Updated November 9, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK482283/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link707" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK482283/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK482283/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Johkura, Ken. “Vertigo and Dizziness.” <em>Rinsho Shinkeigaku (Clinical Neurology)</em> 61, no. 5 (May 19, 2021): 279–87. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33867417/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link649" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33867417/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33867417/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Kenny, Brian J., and Bruno Bordoni. “Neuroanatomy, Cranial Nerve 10 (Vagus Nerve).” StatPearls. Updated November 7, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537171/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link228" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537171/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537171/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Kim, Seung Y., Mahsaw Motlagh, and Imama A. Naqvi. “Neuroanatomy, Cranial Nerve 4 (Trochlear).” StatPearls. Updated November 22, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537244/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link231" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537244/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK537244/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Kim, Seung Y., and Imama A. Naqvi. “Neuroanatomy, Cranial Nerve 12 (Hypoglossal).” StatPearls. Updated November 7, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK532869/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link251" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK532869/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK532869/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Li, Dion Tik Shun, and Yiu Yan Leung. “Temporomandibular Disorders: Current Concepts and Controversies in Diagnosis and Management.” <em>Diagnostics (Basel)</em> 11, no. 3 (March 6, 2021): 459. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33800948/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link975" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33800948/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33800948/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Maini, Kushagra, and Anterpreet Dua. “Temporomandibular Syndrome.” StatPearls. Updated April 28, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK551612/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link352" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK551612/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK551612/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Mashaqi, Saif, Salma Imran Patel, Daniel Combs, Lauren Estep, Sonia Helmick, Joan Machamer, and Sairam Parthasarathy. “The Hypoglossal Nerve Stimulation as a Novel Therapy for Treating Obstructive Sleep Apnea—A Literature Review.” <em>International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health</em> 18, no. 4 (February 9, 2021): &#160;1642. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33572156/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link84" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33572156/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33572156/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Reese, Vanessa, Joe M. Das, and Yasir Al Khalili. “Cranial Nerve Testing.” StatPearls. Updated September 26, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK585066/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link236" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK585066/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK585066/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Sekhon, Rupinder K., Franklin Rocha Cabrero, and Jonathon P. Deibel. “Nystagmus Types.” StatPearls. Updated February 7, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539711/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link890" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539711/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539711/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Stanton, Monica, and Andrew M. Freeman. “Vertigo.” StatPearls. Updated March 18, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK482356/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link12" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK482356/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK482356/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Thomas, Kathryn, Katrina Minutello, Joe M. Das. “Neuroanatomy, Cranial Nerve 9 (Glossopharyngeal).” StatPearls. Updated November 7, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539877/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link262" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539877/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539877/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Tunkel, David E., Carol A. Bauer, Gordon H. Sun, Richard M. Rosenfeld, Sujana S. Chandrasekhar, Eugene R. Cunningham Jr., Sanford M. Archer, et al. “Clinical Practice Guideline: Tinnitus.” Supplement 2, <em>Otolaryngology—Head and Neck Surgery</em> 151, no. S2 (October 2014): S1–S40. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25273878/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link959" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25273878/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25273878/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Valesan, Lígia Figueiredo, Cecilia Doebber Da-Cas, Jéssica Conti Réus , Ana Cristina Scremin Denardin, Roberto Ramos Garanhani, Daniel Bonotto, Eduardo Januzzi, and Beatriz Dulcineia Mendes de Souza. “Prevalence of Temporomandibular Joint Disorders: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.” <em>Clinical Oral Investigations</em> 25, no 2 (February 2021): 441–53. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33409693/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link774" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33409693/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33409693/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Walker, H. Kenneth. “Cranial Nerve XI: The Spinal Accessory Nerve.” Chap. 64 in <em>Clinical Methods: The History, Physical, and Laboratory Examinations</em>, 3rd ed., edited by H. Kenneth Walker, W. Dallas Hall, and J. Willis Hurst. Boston: Butterworths, 1990. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK387/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link504" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK387/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK387/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">&#160;</p>

<h4 class="p1">Chapter 6: Joints of the Pelvis and Thigh</h4>

<p class="p1">Becker, Ines, Stephanie J. Woodley, and Mark D. Stringer. “The Adult Human Pubic Symphysis: A Systematic Review.”&#160;Journal of Anatomy 217, no. 5 (November 2010). <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20840351/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link125" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20840351/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20840351/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Biel, Andrew. <em>Trail Guide to the Body: A Hands-On Guide to Locating Muscles, Bones, and More</em>. 6th ed. Boulder, CO: Books of Discovery, 2019.</p>

<p class="p1">Bordoni, Bruno, and Matthew Varacallo. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb, Iliopsoas Muscle.” StatPearls. Updated April 29, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK531508/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link192" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK531508/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK531508/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Buchanan, Patrick, Shashank Vodapally, David W. Lee, Jonathan M. Hagedorn, Christopher Bovinet, Natalie Strand, Dawood Sayed, and Timothy Deer. “Successful Diagnosis of Sacroiliac Joint Dysfunction.” <em>Journal of Pain Research</em> 14 (October 8, 2021): 3135–43. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34675642/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link392" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34675642/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34675642/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Davis, David, Kushagra Maini, Muhammad Taqi, and Arvind Vasudevan. “Sciatica.” StatPearls. Updated May 6, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK507908/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link949" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK507908/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK507908/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Fisher, Michael A., Taffine C. Arbor, and Bruno Bordoni. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb, Pelvic Joints.” StatPearls. Updated March 23, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538523/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link895" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538523/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538523/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Flack, Natasha Amy May Sparks, Helen D. Nicholson, and Stephanie Jane Woodley. “A Review of the Anatomy of the Hip Abductor Muscles, Gluteus Medius, Gluteus Minimus, and Tensor Fascia Lata.” <em>Clinical Anatomy</em> 25, no. 6 (September 2012): 697–708. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22109658/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link403" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22109658/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22109658/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Glenister, Roland, and Sandeep Sharma. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb, Hip.” StatPearls. Updated July 25, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK526019/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link252" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK526019/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK526019/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Gold, Maks, Akul Munjal, and Matthew Varacallo. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb, Hip Joint.” StatPearls. Updated July 25, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470555/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link754" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470555/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470555/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Graber, Matthew, Dominic V. Marino, and Dean E. Johnson. “Anterior Hip Dislocation.” StatPearls. Updated July 25, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK507814/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link7" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK507814/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK507814/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Greco, Anthony J., and Renato C. Vilella. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb, Gluteus Minimus Muscle.” StatPearls. Updated May 22, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK556144/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link854" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK556144/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK556144/</a>.<span>&#160;</span></p>

<p class="p1">Hicks, Brandon L., Jason C. Lam, and Matthew Varacallo. “Piriformis Syndrome.” StatPearls. Updated September 4, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK448172/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link581" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK448172/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK448172/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Jang, Eun-Mi, and Won-Gyu Yoo. “Comparison of Hip Stabilization Muscle Use during Neutral Sit to Stand and Sit to Stand Involving Isometric Hip Abduction in Elderly Females.”&#160;<em>Journal of Physical Therapy Science</em> 26, no. 12 (December 2014): 1963–64. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25540508/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link63" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25540508/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25540508/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Khan, Ayesha, and Abdul Arain. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb: Anterior Thigh Muscles.” StatPearls. Updated March 17, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538425/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link109" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538425/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538425/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Larson, Maddy R., and Weston Ryan. “Anatomy, Abdomen and Pelvis, Obturator Muscles.” StatPearls. Updated January 17, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK589636/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link601" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK589636/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK589636/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Launico, Marjorie V., Margaret A. Sinkler, and Shivajee V. Nallamothu. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb: Femoral Muscles.” StatPearls. Updated October 24, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK500008/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link457" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK500008/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK500008/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Lezak, Bradley, and Dustin H. Massel. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb, Gemelli Muscles.” StatPearls. Updated August 21, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557420/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link36" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557420/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557420/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Masiewicz, Spencer, Ahmed Mabrouk, and Dean E. Johnson. “Posterior Hip Dislocation.” StatPearls. Updated July 31, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459319/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link479" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459319/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459319/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Meissner, A., M. Fell, R. Wilk, U. Boenick, and R. Rahmanzadeh. “Biomechanics of the Pubic Symphysis. Which Forces Lead to Mobility of the Symphysis in Physiological Conditions?”&#160;<em>Der Unfallchirurg</em> 99&#160;(June 1996): 415–21. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8767137/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link70" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8767137/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8767137/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Resende, Renan Alves, Samuel Henrique Oliveira Jardim, Renato Guilherme Trede Filho, Rodrigo Oliveira Mascarenhas, Juliana Melo Ocarino, and Luciana De Michelis Mendonça. “Does Trunk and Hip Muscles Strength Predict Performance during a Core Stability Test?” <em>Revista Brasileira de Fisioterapia (Brazilian Journal of Physical Therapy) </em>24, no. 4 (July–August 2020): 318–24. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.bjpt.2019.03.001"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link799" href="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.bjpt.2019.03.001" target="_blank">https://doi.org/10.1016/j.bjpt.2019.03.001</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Shah, Aashin, and Bruno Bordoni. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb, Gluteus Medius Muscle.” StatPearls. Updated November 28, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557509/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link620" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557509/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557509/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Simhadri, Deepthi, T. Navakalyani, and D. Suseelamma. “A Study of Psoas Minor Muscle Morphology.” <em>Indian Journal of Clinical Anatomy and Physiology</em> 8, no. 3 (2021): 166–69. <a href="https://www.ijcap.org/article-details/14894"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link414" href="https://www.ijcap.org/article-details/14894" target="_blank">https://www.ijcap.org/article-details/14894</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Tiao, Su, Guang-Xing Chen, and Liu Yang. “Diagnosis and Treatment of Labral Tear.”&#160;<em>Chinese Medicine Journal (English) </em>132, no. 2 (January 20, 2019): 211–19. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30614856/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link771" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30614856/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30614856/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Trammell, Amy P., Ahmed Nahian, and Holly Pilson. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb: Tensor Fasciae Latae Muscle.” StatPearls. Updated August 17, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK499870/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link596" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK499870/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK499870/</a>.<span>&#160;</span></p>

<p class="p1">&#160;</p>

<h4 class="p1">Chapter 7: Joints of the Leg and Foot</h4>

<p class="p1">Abulhasan, Jawad F., and Michael J. Grey. “Anatomy and Physiology of Knee Stability.”&#160;<em>Journal of Functional Morphology and Kinesiology</em> 2, no. 4 (September 24, 2017): 34. <a href="https://www.mdpi.com/2411-5142/2/4/34"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link416" href="https://www.mdpi.com/2411-5142/2/4/34" target="_blank">https://www.mdpi.com/2411-5142/2/4/34</a>.<span>&#160;</span></p>

<p class="p1">Andrews, Kyle, Alex Lu, Lucas McKean, and Nabil Ebraheim. “Review: Medial Collateral Ligament Injuries.” <em>Journal of Orthopaedics</em> 14, no. 4 (December 2017): 550–54. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5581380/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link475" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5581380/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5581380/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Baumann, Charles A., Betina B. Hinckel, and Miho J. Tanaka. “Update on Patellofemoral Anatomy and Biomechanics.” <em>Operative Techniques in Sports Medicine</em> 27, no. 4 (December 2019). <a href="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.otsm.2019.150683"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link74" href="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.otsm.2019.150683" target="_blank">https://doi.org/10.1016/j.otsm.2019.150683</a>.&#160;</p>

<p class="p1">Biel, Andrew. <em>Trail Guide to the Body: A Hands-On Guide to Locating Muscles, Bones, and More</em>. 6th ed. Boulder, CO: Books of Discovery, 2019.</p>

<p class="p1">Brockett, Claire L., and Graham J. Chapman. “Biomechanics of the Ankle.”&#160;<em>Orthopaedics and Trauma</em> 30, no. 3 (June 2016): 232–38. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27594929/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link400" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27594929/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27594929/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Chatra, Priyank S. “Bursae around the Knee Joints.”&#160;<em>Indian Journal of Radiology and Imaging</em> 22, no. 1 (January–March 2012): 27–30. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3354353/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link432" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3354353/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3354353/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">DeLong, Jeffrey M., and Brian R. Waterman. “Surgical Techniques for the Reconstruction of Medial Collateral Ligament and Posteromedial Corner Injuries of the Knee: A Systematic Review.” <em>Arthroscopy: The Journal of Arthroscopic and Related Surgery</em> 31, no. 11 (November 2015): 2258–72. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26194939/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link132" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26194939/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26194939/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Ferretti, Andrea, Edoardo Monaco, Antonio Ponzo, Matthew Dagget, Matteo Guzzini, Daniele Mazza, Andrea Redler, and Fabio Conteduca.&#160;“The Unhappy Triad of the Knee Re-revisited.”&#160;<em>International Orthopaedics (SICOT)&#160;</em>43 (2019): 223–28. <a href="https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00264-018-4181-7"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link620" href="https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00264-018-4181-7" target="_blank">https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00264-018-4181-7</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Fox, Alice J. S., Asheesh Bedi, and Scott A. Rodeo. “The Basic Science of Human Knee Menisci: Structure, Composition, and Function.”&#160;<em>Sports Health</em> 4, no. 4 (July 2012): 340–51. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23016106/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link150" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23016106/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23016106/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Hertel, Jay .“Functional Anatomy, Pathomechanics, and Pathophysiology of Lateral Ankle Instability.”&#160;<em>Journal of Athletic Training</em> 37, no. 4 (October–December 2002): 364–75. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC164367/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link777" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC164367/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC164367/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Hoveidaei, Amir Human, Reza Sattarpour, Haleh Dadgostar, Saeed Razi, and Mohammad Razi. “Unhappy Triad of the Knee: What Are the Current Concepts and Opinions?” <em>World Journal of Orthopedics</em> 14, no. 5 (May 18, 2023): 268–74. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/37304199/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link812" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/37304199/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/37304199/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Hutchinson, L. A., G. A. Lichtwark, R. W. Willy, and L. A. Kelly. “The Iliotibial Band: A Complex Structure with Versatile Functions.” <em>Sports Medicine</em> 52, no. 5 (May 2022): 995–1008. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35072941/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link522" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35072941/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35072941/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Johnson, Anthony, Keith Hill, John Ward, and James Ficke. “Anatomy of the Lisfranc Ligament.”&#160;<em>Foot and Ankle Specialist</em> 1, no. 1 (February 2008: 19–23. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19825687/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link415" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19825687/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19825687/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Loudon, Janice K. “Biomechanics and Pathomechanics of the Patellofemoral Joint.”&#160;International <em>Journal of Sports Physical Therapy</em> 11, no. 6 (December 2016): 820–30. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5095937/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link739" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5095937/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5095937/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Mansfield, Paul Jackson, and Donald A. Neumann. “Structure and Function of the Ankle and Foot.” Chap. 11 in <em>Essentials of Kinesiology for the Physical Therapist Assistant</em>. 3rd ed. St. Louis, MO: Mosby, 2019. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1016/B978-0-323-54498-6.00011-4"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link420" href="https://doi.org/10.1016/B978-0-323-54498-6.00011-4" target="_blank">https://doi.org/10.1016/B978-0-323-54498-6.00011-4</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Mellinger, Simeon, and Grace Anne Neurohr. “Evidence Based Treatment Options for Common Knee Injuries in Runners.” Supplement 7, <em>Annals of Translational Medicine</em> 7 (October 2019): S249. <a href="https://doi.org/10.21037/atm.2019.04.08"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link219" href="https://atm.amegroups.org/article/view/26028/26142" target="_blank">https://atm.amegroups.org/article/view/26028/26142</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Memarzadeh, Arman, and Joel TK. Melton. “Medial Collateral Ligament of the Knee: Anatomy, Management and Surgical Techniques for Reconstruction.” <em>Orthopaedics and Trauma</em> 33, no. 2 (April 2019): 91–99. <a href="https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1877132719300041"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link131" href="https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1877132719300041" target="_blank">https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1877132719300041</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Pfeifer, Craig E., Paul F. Beattie, Ryan S. Sacko, and Amy Hand. “Risk Factors Associated with Non-Contact Anterior Cruciate Ligament Injury: A Systematic Review.” <em>International Journal of Sports Physical Therapy</em> 13, no. 4 (August 2018): 575–87. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6088120/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link675" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6088120/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6088120/</a>.&#160;</p>

<p class="p1">Stecco, Carla, Marco Corradin, Veronica Macchi, Aldo Morra, Andrea Porzionato, Carlo Biz, and Raffaele De Caro. “Plantar Fascia Anatomy and Its Relationship with Achilles Tendon and Paratenon.”&#160;<em>Journal of Anatomy</em> 223, no. 6 (December 2013): 665–76. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24028383/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link809" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24028383/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24028383/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Tenforde, Adam S., Amy Yin, and Kenneth J. Hunt. “Foot and Ankle Injuries in Runners.” <em>Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Clinics of North America</em> 27, no. 1 (February 2016): 121–37. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pmr.2015.08.007"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link629" href="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pmr.2015.08.007" target="_blank">https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pmr.2015.08.007</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Yaras, Reed J., Nicholas O’Neill, Ahmed Mabrouk, and Amjad M. Yaish. “Lateral Collateral Ligament Knee Injury.” StatPearls. Updated May 20, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK560847/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link895" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK560847/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK560847/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Yellin, Joseph L., Robert L. Parisien, Nakul S. Talathi, Ali S. Farooqi, Mininder S. Kocher, and Theodore J. Ganley. “Narrow Notch Width Is a Risk Factor for Anterior Cruciate Ligament Injury in the Pediatric Population: A Multicenter Study.” <em>Arthroscopy, Sports Medicine, and Rehabilitation</em> 3, no. 3 (June 2021): e823–28. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8220619/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link910" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8220619/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8220619/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Zaffagnini, Stefano, David Dejour, Alberto Grassi, Tomasso Bonanzinga, Giulio Maria Marcheggiani Muccioli, Francesca Colle, Federico Raggi, Andrea Benzi, and Maurilio Maracacci. “Patellofemoral Anatomy and Biomechanics: Current Concepts.”&#160;<em>Joints</em> 1, no. 2 (April–June 2013): 15–20. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4295692/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link557" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4295692/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4295692/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">&#160;</p>


</body></html>