<!--?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?--><!DOCTYPE html><html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/kotobeeInteractive.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/global.css" />

    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/kotobeeInteractive.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/global.js"></script>

    <title>Notes and Bibliography</title>
    

<meta charset="utf-8" />
 <meta name="kotobee-chapter" content="raw/sxm0i8.xhtml" />
<meta name="kotobee-book" content="urn:uuid:e6f1865f-1343-dea0-495e-f2afe0ad3f11" />
</head>
<body>
<h1><span style="display:none"></span>Notes</h1>

<ol>
	<li id="fn1">
	<p>Matthew Graber, Dominic V. Marino, and Dean E. Johnson, “Anterior Hip Dislocation,” StatPearls, updated July 25, 2023, <a class="link491" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK507814/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK507814/</a>.<a class="link204" href="srljry.xhtml" role="doc-backlink">↩︎</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="fn2">
	<p>Deepthi Simhadri, T. Navakalyani, and D. Suseelamma, “A Study of Psoas Minor Muscle Morphology,” <em>Indian Journal of Clinical Anatomy and Physiology</em> 8, no. 3 (2021): 166–69, <a class="link737" href="https://www.ijcap.org/article-details/14894" target="_blank">https://www.ijcap.org/article-details/14894</a>.<a class="link345" href="srljry.xhtml#fnref2" role="doc-backlink">↩︎</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="fn3">
	<p>Spencer Masiewicz, Ahmed Mabrouk, and Dean E. Johnson, “Posterior Hip Dislocation,” StatPearls, updated July 31, 2023, <a class="link523" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459319/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459319/</a>.<a class="link541" href="srljry.xhtml#fnref3" role="doc-backlink">↩︎</a></p>
	</li>
	<li id="fn4">
	<p>Patrick Buchanan et al., “Successful Diagnosis of Sacroiliac Joint Dysfunction,” <em>Journal of Pain Research</em> 14 (October 8, 2021): 3135–43, <a class="link837" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34675642/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34675642/</a>.<a class="link687" href="slwi9n.xhtml#fnref4" role="doc-backlink">↩︎</a></p>
	</li>
</ol>

<h1 id="bibliography">Bibliography</h1>

<p class="p1">Becker, Ines, Stephanie J. Woodley, and Mark D. Stringer. “The Adult Human Pubic Symphysis: A Systematic Review.”&#160;<em>Journal of Anatomy</em> 217, no. 5 (November 2010). <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20840351/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link891" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470583/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20840351/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Biel, Andrew. <em>Trail Guide to the Body: A Hands-On Guide to Locating Muscles, Bones, and More</em>. 6th ed. Boulder, CO: Books of Discovery, 2019.</p>

<p class="p1">Bordoni, Bruno, and Matthew Varacallo. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb, Iliopsoas Muscle.” StatPearls. Updated April 29, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK531508/"><span class="s1">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK531508/</span></a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Buchanan, Patrick, Shashank Vodapally, David W. Lee, Jonathan M. Hagedorn, Christopher Bovinet, Natalie Strand, Dawood Sayed, and Timothy Deer. “Successful Diagnosis of Sacroiliac Joint Dysfunction.” <em>Journal of Pain Research</em> 14 (October 8, 2021): 3135–43. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34675642/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link634" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34675642/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34675642/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Davis, David, Kushagra Maini, Muhammad Taqi, and Arvind Vasudevan. “Sciatica.” StatPearls. Updated May 6, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK507908/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link806" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK507908/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK507908/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Fisher, Michael A., Taffine C. Arbor, and Bruno Bordoni. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb, Pelvic Joints.” StatPearls. Updated March 23, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538523/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link335" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538523/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538523/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Flack, Natasha Amy May Sparks, Helen D. Nicholson, and Stephanie Jane Woodley. “A Review of the Anatomy of the Hip Abductor Muscles, Gluteus Medius, Gluteus Minimus, and Tensor Fascia Lata.” <em>Clinical Anatomy </em>25, no. 6 (September 2012): 697–708. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22109658/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link362" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22109658/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22109658/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Glenister, Roland, and Sandeep Sharma. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb, Hip.” StatPearls. Updated July 25, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK526019/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link658" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK526019/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK526019/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Gold, Maks, Akul Munjal, and Matthew Varacallo. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb, Hip Joint.” StatPearls. Updated July 25, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470555/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link467" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470555/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470555/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Graber, Matthew, Dominic V. Marino, and Dean E. Johnson. “Anterior Hip Dislocation.” StatPearls. Updated July 25, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK507814/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link331" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK507814/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK507814/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Greco, Anthony J., and Renato C. Vilella. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb, Gluteus Minimus Muscle.” StatPearls. Updated May 22, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK556144/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link475" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK556144/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK556144/</a>.<span>&#160;</span></p>

<p class="p1">Hicks, Brandon L., Jason C. Lam, and Matthew Varacallo. “Piriformis Syndrome.” StatPearls. Updated September 4, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK448172/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link139" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK448172/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK448172/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Jang, Eun-Mi, and Won-Gyu Yoo. “Comparison of Hip Stabilization Muscle Use during Neutral Sit to Stand and Sit to Stand Involving Isometric Hip Abduction in Elderly Females.”&#160;<em>Journal of Physical Therapy Science</em> 26, no. 12 (December 2014): 1963–64. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25540508/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link287" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25540508/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25540508/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Khan, Ayesha, and Abdul Arain. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb: Anterior Thigh Muscles.” StatPearls. Updated March 17, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538425/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link449" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538425/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK538425/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Larson, Maddy R., and Weston Ryan. “Anatomy, Abdomen and Pelvis, Obturator Muscles.” StatPearls. Updated January 17, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK589636/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link826" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK589636/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK589636/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Launico, Marjorie V., Margaret A. Sinkler, and Shivajee V. Nallamothu. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb: Femoral Muscles.” StatPearls. Updated October 24, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK500008/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link609" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK500008/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK500008/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Lezak, Bradley, and Dustin H. Massel. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb, Gemelli Muscles.” StatPearls. Updated August 21, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557420/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link33" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557420/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557420/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Masiewicz, Spencer, Ahmed Mabrouk, and Dean E. Johnson. “Posterior Hip Dislocation.” StatPearls. Updated July 31, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459319/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link339" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459319/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK459319/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Meissner, A., M. Fell, R. Wilk, U. Boenick, and R. Rahmanzadeh. “Biomechanics of the Pubic Symphysis. Which Forces Lead to Mobility of the Symphysis in Physiological Conditions?”&#160;<em>Der Unfallchirurg </em>99<em>&#160;</em>(June 1996): 415–21. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8767137/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link966" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8767137/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8767137/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Resende, Renan Alves, Samuel Henrique Oliveira Jardim, Renato Guilherme Trede Filho, Rodrigo Oliveira Mascarenhas, Juliana Melo Ocarino, and Luciana De Michelis Mendonça. “Does Trunk and Hip Muscles Strength Predict Performance during a Core Stability Test?” <em>Revista Brasileira de Fisioterapia</em> (<em>Brazilian Journal of Physical Therapy) </em>24, no. 4 (July–August 2020): 318–24. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.bjpt.2019.03.001"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link920" href="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.bjpt.2019.03.001" target="_blank">https://doi.org/10.1016/j.bjpt.2019.03.001</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Shah, Aashin, and Bruno Bordoni. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb, Gluteus Medius Muscle.” StatPearls. Updated November 28, 2022. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557509/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link116" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557509/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK557509/</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Simhadri, Deepthi, T. Navakalyani, and D. Suseelamma. “A Study of Psoas Minor Muscle Morphology.” <em>Indian Journal of Clinical Anatomy and Physiology </em>8, no. 3 (2021): 166–69. <a href="https://www.ijcap.org/article-details/14894"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link386" href="https://www.ijcap.org/article-details/14894" target="_blank">https://www.ijcap.org/article-details/14894</a>.</p>

<p class="p1">Tiao, Su, Guang-Xing Chen, and Liu Yang. “Diagnosis and Treatment of Labral Tear.”&#160;<em>Chinese Medicine Journal (English)</em> 132, no. 2 (January 20, 2019): 211–19. <a href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30614856/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link293" href="https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30614856/" target="_blank">https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30614856/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">Trammell, Amy P., Ahmed Nahian, and Holly Pilson. “Anatomy, Bony Pelvis and Lower Limb: Tensor Fasciae Latae Muscle.” StatPearls. Updated August 17, 2023. <a href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK499870/"><span class="s1"></span></a><a class="link74" href="https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK499870/" target="_blank">https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK499870/</a>.</p>

<p class="p2">&#160;</p>


</body></html>