<!--?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?--><!DOCTYPE html><html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/kotobeeInteractive.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/global.css" />

    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/kotobeeInteractive.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/global.js"></script>

    <title>Copyright</title>
    

<meta charset="utf-8" />
 <meta name="kotobee-chapter" content="raw/szfb3x.xhtml" />
<meta name="kotobee-book" content="urn:uuid:91c3147a-94f4-cab8-a1c1-fa059ce958f2" />
</head>
<body>
<p><strong>First Edition</strong></p>

<p>&#160;</p>

<p>Copyright © 2025, text and illustrations, Books of Discovery<br />
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form, or by any electronic, mechanical, or other means, without prior permission in writing from the publisher.</p>

<p>&#160;</p>

<p><strong>Published by Books of Discovery</strong></p>

<p>Boulder, CO 80304 USA</p>

<p>booksofdiscovery.com</p>

<p>800.775.9227</p>

<p>&#160;</p>

<p>&#160;</p>

<p>ISBN: 979-8-9894844-5-4</p>

<p>&#160;</p>

<p>&#160;</p>

<p>Managing editor: Alan Bernhard</p>

<p>Development editor: Brenda Hadenfeldt</p>

<p>Copy editor: Judy Gordon</p>

<p>Designer: Jessica Xavier, Planet X Design</p>

<p>&#160;</p>

<p>&#160;</p>

<p><strong>Disclaimer</strong></p>

<p>This eTextbook is intended to be used in conjunction with, and as a supplement to, <em>Trail Guide to the Body</em> by Andrew Biel. This eTextbook does not offer medical advice to the reader and is not intended as a replacement for appropriate health care and treatment. For such advice, readers should consult a licensed physician. Care has been taken to confirm the accuracy of the information presented in this publication and to describe generally accepted practices. Application of the information in a particular situation remains the practitioner’s professional responsibility.&#160;</p>

<p>&#160;</p>

<p>Books of Discovery is committed to ensuring our resources are accessible to everyone. We continually assess the user experience and seek to make our resources respectful and considerate of diverse identities, cultures, and experiences. This is an ongoing effort we take to heart, and we appreciate hearing from anyone with requests or suggestions for improvements.&#160;</p>


</body></html>